yang
for the same purpose
in the leader panel
the olympus 1770 sw is one of the most peculiar cameras
I thank him
the digital market
all this despite the fact that its benefits do not come out
efe of what is usually usual is to say they have another 13 7 million
pixels
I had a zoo since promotion
and has a screen of 2 4 inches
I think special about this camera
its resistance to this to this day the most off-road camera
of the showcase of compact cameras of today
and what do we get with
with this casing with this protection because according to the investigations
Official lasiete seventies w is capable of submerging up to 10 meters
is able to withstand falling commissary meters
I was holding a total weight
100 kilos on the bed
so you have to know debuted as a thinker the best was poisonous the
beach to try on this camera is really so
President
min
one
ammann world
kan 1
good palm we have thrown the camera to the sea bouquets overturned against rocks even
we have immersed ourselves with it
I seem to have advanced so far
but the definitive test part type of compact
Maybe it's leaving it in the hands of a child
do not
one
will also offer for a couple of weeks we could enter to appreciate it
the locals dominated thanks they survived
Well, how can we check
in effect the camera will be offered 2
only its functions although
active
it is true that the laughter suffered some damage as you can see the
steps taken in reality
to a loss of paint for the poor even the state of Honduras
the screen like this has surprised us very pleasantly that they do not have even one
stripe during one single
dents
after defects that these blows received
If in other markets too
I think you can not see it
after his death which water
ap the state being a focus of this liquid in the area of ​​elections
Loyo will affect the camera but I must continue to see it
and if it is also true that the other side the issue of complicated source code
before the claims that it is not very if the reason of the domination does not occur
Really
very good
it seems clear that the art of 170 southwest of england
to support all kinds of activities the joseph camera bonus and the edge
Yes it seems recommended for activities
sports of the sea
today even as he did also a good camaraderie and guilty children